Programmer: Logan Choi
File: hm1.txt
Purpose: Write Algorithms in English



1. Mod Problem:
   a.) Save the divisor into a new variable called 'original divisor'
   	(i.e. if divisor equals 2, 'original divisor' equals 2)
   b.) Compare the dividend with the divisor.
   c.) If the dividend is greater than the divisor, add 'original divisor'
       to the divisor.
   d.) Repeat step 'c' until divisor is greater than or equal to the
       dividend.
   e.) If the divisor is equal to the dividend, the answer is zero.
   f.) If the divisor is greater than the dividend, subtract the dividend
       from the divisor, and subtract the new number from the number stored in
       'original divisor'. You have found the remainder.

2. Length Problem:
   a.) Talk to the customer, and ask some questions.
	i. Is the object foldable?
	ii. Do you care if I fold the object? (Ask this only if the answer
	    to the previous question is yes.)
   b.) If the product is not foldable or the customer says that he/she
       doesn't want you to fold the object, you will measure it the long
       way.
	i. You first place your string and object side by side where one
	   side starts at the same spot.
        ii. Take your string, and measure it at the start of the object.
        iii. Add 8 to the total. (In the beginning, the total will be 0.)  
        iv. Move the start of the string to where the end of the string
            was.
	v. Repeat the steps 2-4 until the string is bigger than the
           remaining object's length. (Write the current total on a piece of
           paper)
   c.) Else if the product is foldable and the customer says he/she doesn't
       mind you folding the object. You will measure it the short way.
	i. You place your string and object side by side.
	ii. Take your string, and measure it at the start of the object. 
        iii. Fold the object over the measured eight inches.
        iv. Repeat steps 2-3 until the string is bigger than the remaining
            object's length. 
   d.) Once the string is bigger than the remaining object's lenght, you
       will know fold the string.
   e.) Fold the string to either get the numbers 4,2,1.
	i. Fold to get teh biggest ohunk of the remaining object's length.
	ii. Move the start of the string to where the end of the string was.
	iii. Repeat until the object is fully measured. MAKE SURE TO KEEP
             TRACK OF THE TOTAL REMAINING LENGTH.
   f.) If you used the long way, add the total remaining length with the
       current total.
   g.) If you used the short way, multiply the number of folds with 8, then
       add the total remaining length.

3. Class Problem:
   ASSUMPTIONS: You always have a place to park your moped. Parking your
   tank does not matter. You can park your tank wherever you want. No one's
   gonna tow it.
   a.) Find out information.
	i. Check the time, and calculate how much time you have until class
           that is 12 miles away.
	ii. Check the weather radio.
	iii. Check the traffic radio.
   b.) If the weather is horrible, take the tank. (It is your only choice.)
   c.) Else if the weather is nice and you are 4 hours until class, walk to
       class.
   d.) Else if the traffic is horrible,the weather is nice, and you are not
       4 hours until class, take the tank until you can walk to class on time.
   e.) Else if there is no traffic, the weather is nice, and you are not
       4 hours until class, take the moped until you can walk to class on
       time. 
